Incremental Static Regeneration - docs update explaining surprising behavior (#66151)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/04-functions/generate-static-params.mdx

> **Good to know**
>
> - You can use the [`dynamicParams`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#dynamicparams) segment config option to control what happens when a dynamic segment is visited that was not generated with `generateStaticParams`.

> > - You must include `generateStaticParams` even if you only want pages to be cached *after* build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - You must include `generateStaticParams` with an [empty array](#all-paths-at-runtime) if you want to statically render all paths at runtime. 
```
